I'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting. decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five,. and we decided that it was gonna be non-rechargeable battery-powered,. that we're gonna group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories,. And I told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext, ignoring everything except the TV, and trying to incorporate the the corporate colour and slogan. Oh I should also point out that the you know the kind of final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product.
Basically what I wanna do here, before we get into it too far, is I want to show you all the background information I have that I think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful. Okay so out of different figures and ratings ob of people in general, consumers in general, the number one thing that was found was that the br television remote control, a fancy look and feel, okay,. and not, it specified, not a functional look or or feel, f fancy. Number two was that it be innovative. and third priority for ease of use,. is that I think what we should think about is how the about how the innovation contributes to the look and feel, and not so much to the functionality of it. top European fashion trend that I read about says there's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetables, okay,. especially in clothes and furniture. So my my feeling is that we do want to observe this trend,. And then in terms of material trends are for things to be soft and spongy. and sort of, you might say ergonomic or or friendly to handle,. And then at the end there are vibrant natural colours. softness in materials, shape, and function,. so I'm thinking if we imagine that we're taking some of the features of a Mac iPod. and we're then making it more of like a more of like a comfortable type of. we think of some kind of a thin theme that unifies it all,. sorta like a marketing identity. Like the ones the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like like lemon or something like that,. Maybe like it could light up in different colours or something. or or people could buy the buy the control and then it comes with different like. covers or something so.
There's a wee bit of discussion about the other existing ones there,. so I've taken the suggestions from them and tried to incorporate them into this. we're looking for suggestions on size th size of control and the buttons,. the shape of the control,. and whereabout the buttons should be located on the control. what I found from the research is that most the current controls are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons all over them. they're not very attractive to look at,. and they're not very comfortable to hold,. and they're very easily lost. the the controls themselves tend to use a very inconsistent colour scheme. for instance, the stand-by button isn't always red,. The buttons should be large. They should be easy to press, very comfortable. so the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button, that's kinda confusing. should avoid things like that. if the the corporate colour scheme allows it we should have a very bright colour so that it can be easily identified anywhere.
I think it's yellow
Any extra features we add beyond the basic ones should be hidden,. if we did decide to go for voice activation there sh should always be a button as alternative,. we should definitely avoid the big square block look. and they've said th the voice control can now talk back if you ask it a question. So it sh it could be good to have them confirm any action you take. I don't know where the slogan should go,. or really what the slogan is. I think it's, fashion into electronics. And we don't know how flexible the colour scheme is.
Like you said time to market was a problem,. and how many components are physically in there in cost. And the power is basically a factor of that. and the lower components, the power, the logic, the transmitter, and the infrared, they affect you in terms of the size of your device,. So I guess three things, cost, complexity, and the size. I'm not very sure about the voice thing 'cause I got another email and it was in fact quite sketchy on what the voice options are. it said it could talk to you, but it never said anything about being able to listen. I it said something about a sensor but never clarified that. Okay so your basic components are buttons,. okay and you have a wheel available, like a mouse scroll wheel,. okay there's an LCD display,. Okay then there's how the case actually looks. It can actually be flat or it can be curved,. and then the different types of materials that you can use,. I don't think you can use them in a combination,. I think plastic and rubber would be fine,. but plastic, rubber, and wood,. the rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use,. but the titanium had a different kind of things on the shape of the thing,. but you know it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one. and the other components are logic chips, again I'll I'll go back to the component chips. The com how complex or how easy the logic is, it depends on how many functions you have on the on the unit. I don't think the logic chip has a issue about size 'cause they should be about the same size. Power consumption should be about the same. and the other thing is the power options. the first one is a standard battery. Okay the second one I think is more of a gimmick then actually a useable thing,. it's a wind-up you know, a crank. I think that's more of a look and feel decision because I don't think you can have one power source if you're using the alternative power sources. I think whatever it is you still need a battery. Okay the other ones are a solar powered cell,. and the kinetic one I guess for me is the most interesting one. you have you had those balls, you know those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it and it lights up and it goes,. you know that might be a gimmick combined with rubber. I guess that's more in the sense of small and slim in terms of comfortable. not so small you can't, you know like a phone or something, too small phone. the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit. and also the time to market and the complexity of developing designing and debugging it so. The user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features, like the buttons are standard okay, the LCD panel and the scroll wheel you need more complicated logic. the case okay with a rubber case you can't have the solar panels. titanium case can't be curved, it has to be square. Okay there's no restriction on the plastic, and. on the wood.
Can we get a strong enough battery to power a light?
I think we could because the LCD panel requires power,. and the LCD is a form of a light
Well I'm thinking along the lines of you're you're in the dark watching a DVD and you you find the thing in the dark and you go like this,. and you just touch it, or you just pick it up, and it lights up or something.
Like a phone yeah, like the backlight in a phone.
We're gonna need to put in a really good battery so people don't have to charge their remote control every few days.
That's why I think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch, like an automatic watch
But are people gonna wanna shake their movie controller?
It's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it.
I think we could go for like maybe not a a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape. you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit. probably something that sits in your hand comfortably, sort of feels right in your hand.
So something quite curvy? about how if you have a bright colour you'll not lose it so much. and when the corporate colour is yellow,. I mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow
So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion, then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize. maybe what we could do is th think about a concept which touches back to the on the the colour,
'Cause I I I was kinda thinking about as well you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones,. and they're plastic but then also have like rubber on the outside,. and it kinda feels it feels kind of warmer to the touch. It feels a bit more comfortable,. and maybe we could incorporate plastic and rubber
I'd quite like a sort of snowman type shape. so a sort of larger bit sits in your hand, and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need. So I reckon it'd look quite nice if we just had this here, had a sorta background yellow,. and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons.
The fact that it talks to you, I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says, what is it, putting fashion into electronics or something,
I think that'd probably scare me.
Also would that work if we wanted to incorporate an LCD display, where would we put that? Would we put that on the inside or
Do we need an LCD display?
It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot, I would've thought.
What would we what would we achieve from it?
And the th the thing I could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with listings. So as you scroll through, 'cause we said we might have a jog dial, so as you scroll through your stations you can it actually tells you what it is.
I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it,
I would say no need for a talk-back. I mean do you wanna group them into head of the snowman, body of the snowman, inside of the snowman,
Well I think the advanced ones the the ones you don't usually use could be hid inside.
Where would you physically position the buttons?
Energy what do you think that's suggesting we're how we're powering the thing? I really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you'd have the back-up of the battery, but have have kinetic power,
And this size here, I'd suggest this be small, like quite small.
I know we're gonna have like rubber buttons
But we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech, rubber buttons plastic frame,. it's almost like we're reproducing the same old remote control that's out there. Okay so so backlighting, that would be good.
You know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable,
S so like cur slightly transparent case, so it's yellow, like tinted yellow, but you can maybe see through it.
Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse. but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow, doesn't make it freaky.
And then the other thing that we we're we've committed ourselves to achieving is simplicity,. and so I'm thinking maybe should we try and think about having something like some kind of an innovative concept about how the the volume and the channels are controlled,. 'cause that's the main thing people will wanna do. Could we use like a jog dial, like a nice just sort of round, somewhere on it where you just roll it?
The question is when you're rolling it, how do you wanna roll it? 'Cause in a mouse your hand's in a position to roll it,. whereas the other thing about having it jog dial this way, it tends to get moved accidentally. Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot. it might work for volume,. and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that,. but not for channels right.
And the other thing was can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing?
And that we've got like the the slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side,
That that might have one problem in terms of in terms of whether you're left handed or you're right handed you might be locking yourself in.
The next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes,. I know that the designers are gonna be working with Play-doh on that.
Yeah I think the jog dial,. what if it was flat and you just spun it,
A slide, because then you you don't have to put the hand.
And I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons, 'cause that'd just be so standard. and also plastic I've seen can get really textured, so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand.
Feel like fruit.